.TH Cheatshh 1 "June 2024" "Typeinc-mini Manual" "Typein Manual Page"
NAME
    Typeinc-mini - A miniature version of Typeinc, is an amazing ncurses based Terminal UI for testing your typing speed on various difficulty levels with a cool.

SYNOPSIS
    typeinc-mini [OPTION]
    typeinc-mini -v, --version

DESCRIPTION
    Tyepinc-mini, an ncurses based tool, a miniature version of Typeinc, is your goto terminal tool to play around with your typing speed with various difficulty levels.
    WPM is calculated by the internationally used methodology. You also get a Typeinc score based on the difficulty level, 
    wpm an accuracy you obtain. View top 5 highscore(local) for each difficulty level and challenge yourself/friends to beat it.

OPTIONS
    -h, --help
        To see the help message.
    -s, --score
        Submit figures to calculate hypothetical typeinc score.
    -w, --words
        To get random english words present in our wordlist.
    -r, --ranklist
        Display the top 5 ranks of input difficulty level.

FILES
    Typeinc-mini uses English words taken from a `wordlist.txt` file with more tha 7500 English words.
    The UI and code handling is done in python using ncurses library.
    The configurations of result, testing text, UI, etc. are present in configurations directory.

NOTES
    Typeinc-mini let's you test your typing speed, from regular to God level difficulty level, from difficulty
    level of -infinity to +infinity, just like Typeinc. We provide a range of difficulty level based on which you are graded and
    given a score. 
    Here is a detailed summary of the Difficulty level division.
        - Level <= 0 : Super Easy (Regular) (SE)
        - 0 < Level <= 2 : Easy (E)
        - 2 < Level <= 4 : Normal (N)
        - 4 < Level <= 6 : Hard (H)
        - 6 < Level <= 9 : Super Hard (SH)
        - 9 < Level <= 10 : Insane (I)
        - 10 < Level < 20 : Super Insane (SI)
        - 20 <= Level < 50: BRUH (X)
        - 50 <= Level < 100: SUPER BRUHH (X2)
        - 100 <= Level < 500: DAMNN BRUHHH!! (XX)
        - 500 <= Level < 1000: U ROCK BRUHHH! (XX2)
        - 1000 <= Level: GOD BRUH!!! (SXX)
    
    The grading system differs for each difficulty level chosen and so is your score. The higher the difficulty level,
    more the score you will obtain. Visit the official Github page at https://github.com/AnirudhG07/Typeinc-mini for understanding
    the grading system for each difficulty level.
    
EXAMPLES
    To take the Typeinc-mini test.

        $ typeinc
        
    To calcute a hypothetical Typeinc score, you would have to submit various values.

        $ typeinc-mini -s

    To get random english words from our wordlist.

        $ typeinc-mini -w <word_count>

    To display the top 5 ranks for input difficulty level.

        $ typeinc-mini -r <difficulty_level>
    
DEPENDENCIES
    Tyepinc-mini requires python version >= 3.11 and ncurses library present in your python version.
    For Windows, windows-curses and setuptools might also be needed. Rest are pre-installed libraries.

AUTHOR
    Typeinc-mini was written by Anirudh Gupta.
    Visit <https://github.com/AnirudhG07/Typeinc-mini> for more information.
